LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
deala/__init__.py
deala/deala_io.py
deala.egg-info/PKG-INFO
deala.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
deala.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
deala.egg-info/requires.txt
deala.egg-info/top_level.txt
deala/files/.DS_Store
deala/files/DEALA_activities/.DS_Store
deala/files/DEALA_activities/construction.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/electricity.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/gas.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/material_beer.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/personal.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/revenue.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/transport.json
deala/files/DEALA_activities/waste.json
deala/files/Excel_datasets/.DS_Store
deala/files/Excel_datasets/DB_Energy.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/DB_Transport.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/.DS_Store
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/Excel_BW2_non_stick_conventional.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/Excel_BW2_non_stick_pan_recoatable.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/Excel_BW2_stainless_steel.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/input_materials.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/output_materials.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/~$output_materials.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/.DS_Store
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/pan_production_impact_deala_cost.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/pan_production_impact_deala_profit.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_CN.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_DE.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_GLO.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_US.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_CN.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_DE.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_GLO.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (conventional)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_US.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_CN.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_DE.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_GLO.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_US.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_CN.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_DE.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_GLO.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Non-stick pan (recoatable)_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_US.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_CN.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_DE.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_GLO.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_2030_US.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_CN.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_DE.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_GLO.xlsx
deala/files/Excel_datasets/pan_production/results/result_process_Attaching handle_Stainless steel pan_remind_SSP2-Base_ecoSpold02_US.xlsx
deala/files/GDP/.DS_Store
deala/files/GDP/elasticity.json
deala/files/GDP/gdp_deflator.json
deala/files/GDP/remind_SSP2-Base.xlsx
deala/files/calculation/method_dict.toml
deala/files/characterization_models/DEALA.json
deala/files/characterization_models/marketsphere.json
deala/files/linking/distance_matrix.xlsx
deala/files/linking/distance_matrix_land.xlsx
deala/files/linking/distance_matrix_land_harbor.xlsx
deala/files/linking/distance_matrix_sea.xlsx
deala/files/linking/mappings.toml
deala/notebooks/.DS_Store
deala/notebooks/pan_production.ipynb
deala/notebooks/export/change reports/change_report 2025-07-31.xlsx
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_battery.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_biomass.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_cement.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_dac.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_electricity.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_emissions.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_external_scenarios.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_fuel.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_heat.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_metal.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_steel.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_transport.log
deala/notebooks/export/logs/premise_validation.log
deala/notebooks/export/scenario_report/scenario_report_31-07-2025.xlsx
tests/test_import_deala_io.py