.. Copyright © 2022 Idiap Research Institute <contact@idiap.ch>
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause

.. _idiap-devtools.release:

Release Management
------------------

This package offers tools to release (tag) Python packages that follow Idiap's
development guidelines.  It automatically updates the ``README.md`` and
``pyproject.toml`` files of the package to setup the correct version and
pointers for the release build and documentation badges.  The tools are setup
to ensure a changelog is provided with each release.  The changelog can be
autogenerated from merge-requests or commits in the target package.


Usage
=====

Releasing a package is a 2-step process:

1. Generate a changelog using ``devtool gitlab changelog``.
2. Create a new GitLab release using ``devtool gitlab release``

Use the ``--help`` flag in each command to learn more about each phase.

.. warning::

   Pipelines for stable and non-stable (a.k.a. beta) packages may differ w.r.t.
   deployment locations for various artefacts (e.g. packages and
   documentation).


Create the Changelogs
=====================

Use the subcommand ``devtool gitlab changelog <group>/<package>`` to generate a
changelog.  Follow examples and instructions at :ref:`idiap-devtools.cli`.
Notice this command interacts *directly* with GitLab and does **not** require,
or use, a local checkout of the package.

You may manually update the output changelog file to edit the proposed releaes
notes for the package or packages to be released.  This may be
*extra*-important for the part of the (semantic) version number to be bumped,
which is indicated on that file.  The changelog script cannot guess this and
always set "patch" as the part to bump for the next release of the package.

.. note::  **Release numbers**

   We follow (and advise) one to use `Semantic Version numbers`_.  In this
   scheme, version numbers are composed of 3 parts separated by dots (e.g.
   "1.2.3").  The first number indicates the major version.  The second, the
   minor version, and, finally, the last number indicates the patch version.
   Roughly, you should:

   * Bump only the **major** version if there are breaking API changes
   * Bump only the **minor** version if there are (backward-compatible)
     **additions** to the API
   * Bump only the **patch** version if the new release only contains bug
     fixes w/o API changes (additions or removals).


Release the Package
===================

Once the changelog is ready, to release the package, use the command ``devtool
gitlab release``.  Follow examples and instructions at
:ref:`idiap-devtools.cli`.  The process is completely automated and documented
at that page.


.. include:: links.rst
