# prstools


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

`prstools` is software to create Polygenic Risk Scores (PRS) directly
from the commandline <br> (and optionally from inside python).

It contains various tools to make PRS generation easier. Installation
and running the demo example should not take more than 10 minutes.

We are actively developing `prstools` and feedback by mail or our
[feedback form](https://forms.gle/TnvNyBX6qDy7Vupn9) (with 🏆 lottery)
is much appreciated!

## Install

To install use the following command.

``` sh
pip install -U prstools
```

It contains a special read-only access key, since this repo is still
private, which can be shared with people that should have access. <br>
If this did not work there is a chance you need to install `pip`, which
can be done most easily with conda by typing `conda install pip`. For
other install issues please check the (install guide is not yet
available) [install guide]() or send us a mail.

## How to use

Immediately after installing `prstools`, it should be possible to
download & run the demo example (~4mb), by pasting the following into
the commandline:

``` bash
# Makes 'example' dir with data in current path:
prstools downloadutil --pattern example --destdir ./; cd example

# Run the model with example data:
prstools prscs2 --ref_dir ldref_1kg_pop --bim_prefix target \
                --sst_file sumstats.tsv --n_gwas 2565 --out_dir ./result 
# prst prscs2 -r ldref_1kg_pop -t target -s sumstats.tsv -n 2565 -o ./result # <- short-form

# Make predictions from weights (plink must be installed):
plink --bfile target --out prspred --score ./result_* 2 4 6 
```

This will run PRS-CS2 on the example data, using the new implementation
to demonstrate the capabilities of `prstools` and shows how you can use
output of `prstools` with plink to make predictions.

<br> More generally you can use `prstools` by typing into the
command-line interface:

``` sh
prstools
```


    Usage:
     prstools <command> ...

    Convenient and powerfull Polygenic Risk Score creation. 
    'prst' is a commandline shorthand for 'prstools'

    Models & Utility Commands:
     <command>
      downloadutil  Download and unpack LD reference panels and other data.
      xprs          XPRS: A very fast `eXPReSs` infitessimal effect-size prediction method that can
                    estimate heritabilty on the fly.
      prscs2        PRS-CS v2: A polygenic prediction method that infers posterior SNP effect sizes
                    under continuous shrinkage (CS) priors.
      sprscs        SPRS-CS: A polygenic prediction method that uses sparse LDGMs to infers posterior
                    SNP effect sizes under continuous shrinkage (CS) priors.
      predprs       PredPRS: It predict polygenic risk scores if you give it weights (aka. give it the
                    files produced by the methods in PRSTOOLS)
      prscsx        PRS-CSx (original): A cross-population polygenic prediction method with continuous
                    shrinkage (CS) priors trained with multiple GWAS summary statistics.
      prscs         PRS-CS (original): A polygenic prediction method with continuous shrinkage (CS)
                    priors trained with GWAS summary statistics.

<br> By combining `prstools` with another `<command>` a specific model
or other functionality can be used.

``` sh
# The following means exactly the same as 'prstools xprs'
prst prscs2
```


    Usage:
     prst prscs2 [-h  --cpus <number-of-cpus>] --ref <dir/refcode> --target <bim-prefix> --sst
                       <file> --n_gwas <num> --out <dir> [--chrom <chroms>  --n_iter <n_iter>]
                       [--n_burnin <n_burnin>  --n_slice <n_slice>  --shuffle  --seed <seed>]
                       [--a <a>  --b <b>  --phi <phi>  --clip <clip>  --sampler <sampler>]
                       [--compute_score  --pbar <pbar>  --verbose]

    PRS-CS v2: A polygenic prediction method that infers posterior SNP effect sizes under continuous shrinkage (CS) priors.

    General Options:
     -h, --help                               Show this help message and exit.
     -c, --cpus <number-of-cpus>              The number of cpus to use. This will generate
                                              environmental variables inside of the python session,
                                              which will control the number of used cores.
                                              Functionality can be turned-off completely, by setting
                                              it to -1. (default: 1)

    Data Arguments (first 5 required):
     -r, --ref_dir, --ref <dir/refcode>       Path to the directory that contains the LD reference
                                              panel. You can download this reference data manually
                                              with 'prstools downloadref'. Soon it will be possible to
                                              automatically download it on the fly. (required)
     -t, --bim_prefix, --target <bim-prefix>  Specify the directory and prefix of the bim file for the
                                              target dataset. (required)
     -s, --sst_file, --sst <file>             The summary statistics file from which the model will be
                                              created. The file should contain columns SNP, A1, A2, P
                                              and BETA or OR (in this order). SNP should contain
                                              rsid's. See https://tinyurl.com/sstxampl for an
                                              example. (required)
     -n, --n_gwas <num>                       Sample size of the GWAS (required)
     -o, --out_dir, --out <dir>               Output prefix for the results (variant weights). This
                                              should be a combination of the desired output dir and
                                              file prefix. (required)
     --chrom <chroms>                         Optional: Chromosomes to include. You can specify
                                              multiple by using a separting comma e.g. "--chrom
                                              1,2,3". (default: range(1, 23))

    Model Arguments (all optional):
     --n_iter <n_iter>                        Total number of MCMC iterations, using 1 chain. woot.
                                              (default: 1000)
     --n_burnin <n_burnin>                    Number of burn-in iterations. (default: 500)
     --n_slice <n_slice>                      Thinning of the Markov chain. (default: 1)
     --shuffle                                Whether to shuffle the data before fitting the model.
     --seed <seed>                            Random seed for reproducibility. (default: -1)
     --a <a>                                  Parameter a in the gamma-gamma prior. (default: 1.0)
     --b <b>                                  Parameter b in the gamma-gamma prior. (default: 0.5)
     --phi <phi>                              Global shrinkage parameter phi. If phi is not specified,
                                              it will be learnt from the data using a Bayesian
                                              approach (default: -1.0)
     --clip <clip>                            Clip parameter. (default: 1.0)
     --sampler <sampler>                      Sampler algorithm. Rue sampling is the original sampler.
                                              (default: Rue)
     --compute_score                          Compute the log marginal likelihood at each iteration of
                                              the optimisation.
     --pbar <pbar>                            Display a progress bar during optimization. (default:
                                              True)
     --verbose                                Verbose mode when fitting the model.

    Examples -> can be directly copy pasted (:
     prst downloadutil --pattern example --destdir ./; cd example                                                          # Makes 'example' dir in current path.
     prstools prscs2 --ref_dir ldref_1kg_pop --bim_prefix target --sst_file sumstats.tsv  --n_gwas 2565 --out_dir ./result # Run the model with example data.
     prst prscs2 -r ldref_1kg_pop -t target -s sumstats.tsv -n 2565  -o ./result                                  # A shorter version of previous command.
     plink --bfile target --out prspred --keep-allele-order --score ./result_* 2 4 6                                         # Make predictions from weights (plink must be installed).

As can be seen, there are examples at the end of the help output to
illustrate usage, which should work with a simple copy-paste.

## Contact

For questions and support please send a mail
(menno.j.witteveen@gmail.com).
