.gitignore
.gitmodules
LICENSE.txt
README.md
mkdocs.yml
pyproject.toml
relatório técnico.pdf
requirements.txt
ruff.toml
.github/workflows/pages.yaml
.github/workflows/publish.yaml
.github/workflows/tests.yaml
docs/framework.md
docs/index.md
docs/Getting Started/execution.md
docs/Getting Started/setup.md
docs/Guides/1_creating.md
docs/Guides/2_simple.md
docs/Guides/3_extending.md
docs/Guides/Prototype Mode/communication.md
docs/Guides/Prototype Mode/index.md
docs/Guides/camera example/__init__.py
docs/Guides/camera example/main.py
docs/Guides/camera example/protocol.py
docs/Guides/counter example/1/__init__.py
docs/Guides/counter example/1/counter_execution.py
docs/Guides/counter example/1/counter_protocol.py
docs/Guides/counter example/2/__init__.py
docs/Guides/counter example/2/counter_execution.py
docs/Guides/counter example/2/counter_protocol.py
docs/Guides/counter example/3/__init__.py
docs/Guides/counter example/3/counter_execution.py
docs/Guides/counter example/3/counter_protocol.py
docs/Guides/counter example/4/__init__.py
docs/Guides/counter example/4/counter_execution.py
docs/Guides/counter example/4/counter_protocol.py
docs/Guides/counter example/5/__init__.py
docs/Guides/counter example/5/counter_execution.py
docs/Guides/counter example/5/counter_protocol.py
docs/Guides/counter example/6/__init__.py
docs/Guides/counter example/6/counter_execution.py
docs/Guides/counter example/6/counter_protocol.py
docs/Guides/simple example/__init__.py
docs/Guides/simple example/main.py
docs/Guides/simple example/simple_protocol.py
docs/Modules/Encapsulator/index.md
docs/Modules/Encapsulator/interop.md
docs/Modules/Encapsulator/python.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/index.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/position.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/addons/dispatcher.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/addons/follow_mobility.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/addons/index.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/addons/mission_mobility.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/addons/random_mobility.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/messages/communication.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/messages/index.md
docs/Modules/Protocol/messages/mobility.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/event.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/index.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/log.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/node.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/simulation.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/Extension/camera.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/Extension/communication_controller.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/Extension/index.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/Extension/visualization_controller.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/handlers/assertion.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/handlers/communication.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/handlers/index.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/handlers/mobility.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/handlers/timer.md
docs/Modules/Simulator/handlers/visualization.md
docs/assets/counter_example_visualization.webm
docs/assets/framework_architecture_diagram.svg
docs/assets/gradys_and_lac.png
docs/assets/gradysim_complete_diagram.svg
docs/assets/protocol_diagram.png
docs/assets/protocol_diagram.svg
docs/assets/simplified_architecture_diagram.svg
docs/assets/simulation_builder_diagram.svg
docs/assets/simulator_architecture.svg
docs/assets/visualization.gif
gradysim/__init__.py
gradysim.egg-info/PKG-INFO
gradysim.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
gradysim.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
gradysim.egg-info/requires.txt
gradysim.egg-info/top_level.txt
gradysim/encapsulator/__init__.py
gradysim/encapsulator/interface.py
gradysim/encapsulator/interop.py
gradysim/encapsulator/python.py
gradysim/protocol/__init__.py
gradysim/protocol/interface.py
gradysim/protocol/position.py
gradysim/protocol/messages/__init__.py
gradysim/protocol/messages/communication.py
gradysim/protocol/messages/mobility.py
gradysim/protocol/messages/telemetry.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/__init__.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/dispatcher.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/follow_mobility.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/mission_mobility.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/radio.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/random_mobility.py
gradysim/protocol/plugin/statistics.py
gradysim/simulator/__init__.py
gradysim/simulator/event.py
gradysim/simulator/log.py
gradysim/simulator/node.py
gradysim/simulator/simulation.py
gradysim/simulator/extension/__init__.py
gradysim/simulator/extension/camera.py
gradysim/simulator/extension/communication_controller.py
gradysim/simulator/extension/extension.py
gradysim/simulator/extension/visualization_controller.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/__init__.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/assertion.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/communication.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/interface.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/mobility.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/timer.py
gradysim/simulator/handler/visualization.py
showcases/follow-mobility/main.py
showcases/follow-mobility/protocol.py
showcases/ping-pong/main.py
showcases/ping-pong/main_stepped.py
showcases/ping-pong/ping.py
showcases/simple/main.py
showcases/simple/message.py
showcases/simple/protocol_ground.py
showcases/simple/protocol_mobile.py
showcases/simple/protocol_sensor.py
tests/test_assertion_handler.py
tests/test_camera.py
tests/test_communication_controller.py
tests/test_communication_handler.py
tests/test_dispatcher_addon.py
tests/test_eventloop.py
tests/test_follow_mobility.py
tests/test_mission_mobility_addon.py
tests/test_mobility_handler.py
tests/test_radio_plugin.py
tests/test_simulation_builder.py
tests/test_timer_handler.py
tests/test_visualization.py
tests/integration/test_samples.py